[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114253)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-registries-openshift.adoc

[id="security-registries-openshift_{context}"]
= OpenShift Container Registry

[role="_abstract"]

> {product-title} includes the _OpenShift Container Registry_, a private registry running as an integrated component of the platform that you can use to manage your container images. The OpenShift Container Registry provides role-based access controls that allow you to manage who can pull and push which container images.

Reviewer: Too long
```suggestion
To manage your container images, you can use the _OpenShift Container Registry_, a private registry in {product-title} that runs as an integrated component of the platform. The registry provides role-based access controls that allow you to manage who can pull and push which container images.
```
